No matter how busy I am today, I will accompany Yaoyao to attend so enthusiastically
You think you have a chance naturally
Otherwise you think I'll give up
Are you there? Get off the bus when you arrive.
Mr. Lu, Miss Tang, Song Yuchun, he didn't come
Song Yuchuan's divorce agreement is in hand
Do you think your backwater is useful?
Anti-water useless
But one congratulations
Miss Tang ushered in my divorce cooling-off period
Divorce cooling off period of 30 days
So far
I still have to wait 30 days
Don't worry, I'm having a party at Tang House
I'm happy you go
Today's gossip Zen master is unclear
I shouldn't entangle with the supervisor more, I won't leave
It's just work
senior brother
You don't know what I really care about
What do you think our relationship is now?
Brother and sister?
Otherwise, do you think you will go to
Sorry I want to be quiet
I said I want to be quiet
Leave me alone.